[EventCounters] Add example project (#860)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.EventCounters/README.md

## Steps to enable OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.EventCounters

> You can view an example project using event counters at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view an example project using EventCounters at
```
